# Meeting 2024-10-20

## Meeting start time
- 3:05 PM
  
## Meeting end time
- 3:45 PM
  
## Attendees
Mason, Antone (minutes), Chandler, Dennis, Edgar

## Topics discussed
- Making sure everyone has access to the llama api through huggingface
- Clarifying who is going to work on what
- Specific classes between frontend and backend that will be worked on 
- Planned meeting for tuesday to work on codebase / do the development.md

## Things Clarified
- Not technically meeting with matt until end of iteration, but we can meet with him weekly as needed.
  
## Tasked Distributed
- Frontend: Mason & Edgar 
- Backend: Chandler & Antone
- API (Backend): Dennis 
