# Meeting 2024-10-28

## Meeting start time
- 5:00 PM
  
## Meeting end time
- 5:40 PM
  
## Attendees
Mason, Antone (minutes), Chandler, Dennis, Edgar

## Topics discussed
- UI Looks good (good job Edgar/Mason)
- Iteration 1 will be messy, mainly focusing on getting the project working. (will either clean up end of iteration 1, or very beginning of iteration 2 depending on time constraints)

## Things Clarified
- API will include a document scanner to get stock tickers. (already partially implemented, thanks gemini)
- Need to hone in the response format from gemini to get specifically what we need.

## Tasks Distributed
- Finish Backend: Chandler.
- Integrate API: Antone or Dennis 
- UI: Edgar and Mason 
