# Meeting 2025-1-13

## Meeting start time
- 2:00 PM
  
## Meeting end time
- 2:30 PM
  
## Attendees
Antone, Chandler, Dennis, Mason

Minute recorder: Chandler


## Topics discussed
- Our current state of the code
- The plan for iteration 3 and the direction we will go
- Creating mock portfolios

## Things Clarified
- We plan to meet twice on wednesday, once for our Mentor and once to refactor
- We need to focus on the "portfolio" aspect of our program 

## Tasks Distributed
- Chandler: mock portfolio
- Dennis: help where needed
- Mason: fixing and adding tests
- Edgar: help where needed
- Antone: did some work on the search bar
