# In-class workshop 2025-2-13

### Start time
- 11:00 AM

### End time
- 12:15 PM

### Medium
- Discord call

### Attendees
- Edgar, Chandler, Mason, Antone, Dennis
- Minute recorder: Antone

### Topics Discussed
- Moved api keys to seperate config files.
- Will work on making a host variable for the frontend.
- UI needs revamped.  Probably adding bullet points.
- Seperate the stock summary and portfolio management into 2 seperate pages.


### Tasks Distributed
- Frontend revamp: Edgar, Chandler
- Frontend tests: Mason
- Frontend/backend syncing and refreshing issues: Antone

### Progress Made
- UI revamping with bullet points and formatting being addressed
- Refreshing issues being addressed
